Add input/output preview configuration docs (#2507)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/configure-input-output-preview.mdx

---
title: Configure run input and output preview

> sidebarTitle: Configure input & output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebarTitle: Configure run previews
```

---

> By default, LangSmith automatically determines what to display in the **Input** and **Output** columns of your **Runs** table. However, you can customize exactly what appears in these columns by configuring custom preview paths for specific trace types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, LangSmith uses a heuristic to determine what to display in the **Input** and **Output** columns of your **Runs** table. However, you can customize exactly what appears in these columns by configuring custom preview paths for specific trace types.
```

This is particularly useful when:

- Your traces have deeply nested structures.
- You want to focus on specific fields in your data.
- The default heuristic doesn't show the most relevant information for your use case.
- You have multiple trace types with different data structures.

## Configure preview format in the UI

### Access preview settings

1. Navigate to a trace in your project.
1. Select the **Runs** tab.
1. Locate **Format** at the top of the runs table.
1. In the **Configure Input and Output previews** side window, select a trace name from the dropdown.

> When you select a trace name, LangSmith loads a successful trace example and renders its structure as an expandable tree. Each node in the tree represents a field in your data, showing:

Reviewer: i would add that this setting is only available for Traces, not supported for runs
